Intel License for Installer Program (version January 2017)

Copyright (c) 2017 Intel Corporation.

Use and Redistribution. You may use and redistribute the software (the
"Software"), without modification, provided the following conditions are met:

* Redistributions must reproduce the above copyright notice and the following
  terms of use in the Software and in the documentation and/or other materials
  provided with the distribution.
* Neither the name of Intel nor the names of its suppliers may be used to 
  endorse or promote products derived from this Software without specific prior
  written permission.
* No reverse engineering, decompilation, or disassembly of this Software is
  permitted.

Limited patent license. Intel grants you a world-wide, royalty-free,
non-exclusive license under patents it now or hereafter owns or controls to
make, have made, use, import, offer to sell and sell ("Utilize") this Software,
but solely to the extent that any such patent is necessary to Utilize the
Software alone. The patent license shall not apply to any combinations which
include this software. No hardware per se is licensed hereunder.

Data Collection. The Software may contain certain features that generate,
collect, and transmit data to Intel about the installation, setup, and use of
the Software. The purposes of data collection are: 1) to verify compliance with
the terms of this Agreement; and 2) to enable Intel to develop, improve, and
support Intel's products and services. When data is collected to verify
compliance with the terms of this Agreement, this collection may be mandatory
and a condition of using the Software. This data includes the Software's unique
serial number combined with other information about the Software and your
computer.

When the Software is made available for use free of charge, the collection of
usage data (such as randomly generated unique identifier and
component/feature/function usage) may also be mandatory and a condition of using
the Software. Data collected about the installation, setup, and use of the
Software may be collated with other available data only if: 1) the purpose is to
develop, improve, and support Intel's products and services, and 2) the data
will not be used to identify or contact you or other individuals.

To learn more about Intel's data collection for these Materials, please visit:
https://software.intel.com/en-us/articles/data-collection. To learn more about
Intel's privacy practices, please visit http://www.intel.com/privacy.

Third party and other Intel programs. "Third Party Programs" are the files
listed in the "third-party-programs.txt" text file that is included with the
Software and may include Intel programs under separate license terms. Third
Party Programs, even if included with the distribution of the Materials, are
governed by separate license terms and those license terms solely govern your
use of those programs.

DISCLAIMER. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT ARE
DISCLAIMED. THIS SOFTWARE IS NOT INTENDED NOR AUTHORIZED FOR USE IN SYSTEMS OR
APPLICATIONS WHERE FAILURE OF THE SOFTWARE MAY CAUSE PERSONAL INJURY OR DEATH.

LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. IN NO EVENT WILL INTEL BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT,
INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING,
BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. YOU AGREE TO INDEMNIFY AND HOLD
INTEL HARMLESS AGAINST ANY CLAIMS AND EXPENSES RESULTING FROM YOUR USE OR
UNAUTHORIZED USE OF THE SOFTWARE.

No support. Intel may make changes to the Software, at any time without notice,
and is not obligated to support, update or provide training for the Software.

Termination. Intel may terminate your right to use the Software in the event of
your breach of this Agreement and you fail to cure the breach within a
reasonable period of time.

Feedback. Should you provide Intel with comments, modifications, corrections,
enhancements or other input ("Feedback") related to the Software Intel will be
free to use, disclose, reproduce, license or otherwise distribute or exploit the
Feedback in its sole discretion without any obligations or restrictions of any
kind, including without limitation, intellectual property rights or licensing
obligations.

Compliance with laws. You agree to comply with all relevant laws and
regulations governing your use, transfer, import or export (or prohibition
thereof) of the Software.

Governing law. All disputes will be governed by the laws of the United States
of America and the State of Delaware without reference to conflict of law
principles and subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state or federal
courts sitting in the State of Delaware, and each party agrees that it submits
to the personal jurisdiction and venue of those courts and waives any
objections. The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International
Sale of Goods (1980) is specifically excluded and will not apply to the
Software.

Privacy.

   Data collection. Based on the personal information you provided to Intel
   when you registered the license to the Software with Intel, Intel has
   collected or will collect certain personal information from you in order to
   contact you regarding updates to the Software and your experience with
   obtaining, installing and otherwise using the Software, including sending you
   surveys to obtain the aforementioned information.

   Revoking consent to data collection. You can revoke your consent to this
   collection of personal information at any time by clicking on the link to
   "unsubscribe" at the bottom of any communication from Intel related to the
   Software which will allow you to opt-out of receiving future messages related
   to the Software.

   Intel's privacy notice. Intel is committed to respecting your privacy. To
   learn more about Intel's privacy practices, please visit
   http://www.intel.com/privacy.
